# Add urls with or without https://www
# Categories can be derived from last /url-bracket/, or categories can be overridden with: categories=ice-cream
# Each page scrapes a maximum of 48 in-stock products, unless 120-per-page is added next to each url

countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/frozen/ice-cream-sorbet/tubs categories=ice-cream 120-per-page
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/frozen/ice-cream-sorbet/single-serve-multipacks categories=ice-cream
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/frozen/frozen-meals-snacks/frozen-pies-sausage-rolls-hot-dogs categories=pies-sausage-rolls
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/frozen/pizza-pastry-bread/frozen-pizza categories=pizza
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/frozen/pizza-pastry-bread/frozen-pastry categories=pastries-cheesecake
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/frozen/frozen-meals-snacks/spring-rolls-toppers-savouries categories=other-savouries
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/frozen/frozen-meals-snacks/dumplings-wontons-steam-buns categories=other-savouries
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/frozen/frozen-vegetables/other-frozen-vegetables categories=frozen-vegetables
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/frozen/frozen-vegetables/frozen-peas-corn-carrots categories=frozen-vegetables
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/frozen/frozen-vegetables/mixed-vegetables-stir-fry categories=frozen-vegetables
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/frozen/frozen-vegetables/chips-wedges-potatoes categories=frozen-chips
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/frozen/frozen-vegetables/hash-browns-rosti categories=other-savouries
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/frozen/frozen-meat/frozen-chicken-poultry categories=chicken
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/frozen/frozen-meat/frozen-burgers categories=mince-patties
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/frozen/frozen-meat-alternatives categories=other-savouries
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/frozen/frozen-seafood
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/frozen/frozen-fruit-drink categories=frozen-fruit

countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/fridge-deli/milk-cream/full-cream-milk categories=milk
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/fridge-deli/milk-cream/trim-light-milk categories=milk
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/fridge-deli/milk-cream/enriched-milk categories=milk
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/fridge-deli/milk-cream/flavoured-milk categories=milk
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/fridge-deli/milk-cream/dairy-free-milk-cream categories=milk
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/fridge-deli/milk-cream/sour-cream categories=sour-cream
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/fridge-deli/cream-custard categories=cream
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/fridge-deli/long-life-milk categories=long-life-milk
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/fridge-deli/butter-spreads categories=butter
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/fridge-deli/cheese categories=cheese
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/fridge-deli/pasta-pizza-pastry/pizza-bases categories=pizza
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/fridge-deli/yoghurt-desserts/multipacks-pouches-single-serve categories=yoghurt
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/fridge-deli/yoghurt-desserts/large-tub-yoghurt categories=yoghurt
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/fridge-deli/yoghurt-desserts/greek-greek-style categories=yoghurt
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/fridge-deli/yoghurt-desserts/natural-health categories=yoghurt
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/fridge-deli/yoghurt-desserts/dairy-free-yoghurt categories=yoghurt
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/fridge-deli/yoghurt-desserts/desserts categories=yoghurt
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/fridge-deli/deli-meats-seafood/ham-shaved-meat categories=ham
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/fridge-deli/deli-meats-seafood/bacon categories=bacon
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/fridge-deli/deli-meats-seafood/salami-cured-dried-meats categories=salami
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/fridge-deli/deli-meats-seafood/cooked-meats categories=deli-meats
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/fridge-deli/juice-drinks categories=juice
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/fridge-deli/vegan-vegetarian categories=other-deli-foods
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/fridge-deli/prepared-meals-sides/heat-and-eat-meals categories=other-deli-foods
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/fridge-deli/prepared-meals-sides/soup-risotto categories=other-deli-foods
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/fridge-deli/prepared-meals-sides/pies-quiche categories=pies-sausage-rolls
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/fridge-deli/dips-hummus-nibbles categories=other-deli-foods

countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/meat-poultry/beef categories=beef-lamb
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/meat-poultry/lamb categories=beef-lamb
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/meat-poultry/chicken-poultry categories=chicken
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/meat-poultry/pork
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/meat-poultry/mince-patties categories=mince-patties
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/meat-poultry/sausages
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/meat-poultry/plant-based-alternatives categories=meat-alternatives

countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/pantry/eggs
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/pantry/snacks-sweets/chips categories=chips
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/pantry/snacks-sweets/muesli-bars-snack-bars categories=muesli-bars
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/pantry/snacks-sweets/chocolate-bars-blocks categories=chocolate 120-per-page
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/pantry/snacks-sweets/chocolate-boxes-gifts categories=chocolate
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/pantry/snacks-sweets/sweets-lollies-licorice categories=sweets-lollies
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/pantry/snacks-sweets/gums-mints categories=sweets-lollies

countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/pantry/biscuits-crackers/biscuits-cookies categories=biscuits
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/pantry/biscuits-crackers/crackers categories=crackers
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/pantry/biscuits-crackers/rice-cakes-crispbread categories=crackers

countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/pantry/bulk-foods/nuts-seeds categories=nuts-bulk-mix
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/pantry/bulk-foods/dried-fruit-mixes categories=nuts-bulk-mix

countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/pantry/pasta-noodles-grains/rice
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/pantry/pasta-noodles-grains/noodles
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/pantry/pasta-noodles-grains/dried-pasta categories=pasta
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/pantry/pasta-noodles-grains/pasta-meals-sides categories=pasta

countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/pantry/tinned-foods/baked-beans-spaghetti categories=beans-spaghetti
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/pantry/tinned-foods/fish categories=canned-fish
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/pantry/cereals-spreads/cereal
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/pantry/cereals-spreads/nut-butter categories=spreads
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/pantry/cereals-spreads/honey categories=spreads
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/pantry/cereals-spreads/jam categories=spreads
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/pantry/cereals-spreads/other-spreads categories=spreads
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/pantry/cereals-spreads/muesli-oats categories=cereal

countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/fish-seafood/salmon categories=salmon
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/fish-seafood/prawns-seafood categories=seafood

countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/pet/cats/dry-cat-food categories=cat-food
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/pet/cats/wet-cat-food categories=cat-food
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/pet/cats/cat-milk-treats categories=cat-food
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/pet/dogs/dog-chews-bones-treats categories=dog-food
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/pet/dogs/dry-dog-food categories=dog-food
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/pet/dogs/wet-dog-food categories=dog-food
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/pet/dogs/chilled-or-frozen-dog-food categories=dog-food

countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/bakery/baked-in-store/loaves-garlic-savoury-bread categories=bread-rolls
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/bakery/buns-rolls-bread-sticks categories=bread-rolls
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/bakery/bagels-crumpets-pancakes categories=bread-rolls
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/bakery/sliced-packaged-bread/white-bread-sliced categories=bread
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/bakery/sliced-packaged-bread/wholemeal-brown-bread-sliced categories=bread
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/bakery/sliced-packaged-bread/grain-seeded-bread-sliced categories=bread
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/bakery/wraps-pita-pizza-bases categories=specialty-bread
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/bakery/pastries-croissants-biscuits categories=bakery-desserts
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/bakery/cakes-muffins-desserts/banana-bread-sponge-cakes categories=bakery-cakes
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/bakery/cakes-muffins-desserts/muffins-cupcakes categories=bakery-desserts
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/bakery/cakes-muffins-desserts/slices-tarts? categories=bakery-desserts
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/bakery/cakes-muffins-desserts/donuts-cream-buns categories=bakery-desserts
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/bakery/cakes-muffins-desserts/puddings-other-desserts categories=bakery-desserts
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/bakery/cakes-muffins-desserts/birthday-celebration-cakes categories=bakery-cakes
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/bakery/bagels-crumpets-pancakes categories=specialty-bread

countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/drinks/coffee
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/drinks/tea-milk-drinks/black-breakfast-tea categories=black-tea
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/drinks/tea-milk-drinks/green-tea categories=green-tea
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/drinks/tea-milk-drinks/herbal-fruit-teas categories=herbal-tea
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/drinks/tea-milk-drinks/drinking-chocolate-malt categories=drinking-chocolate
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/drinks/juice-cordial/fruit-juice-drinks categories=juice
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/drinks/juice-cordial/chilled-juice-drinks categories=juice
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/drinks/soft-drinks-sports-drinks/soft-drinks
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/drinks/soft-drinks-sports-drinks/energy-drinks

countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/fruit-veg/fresh-fruit categories=fruit
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/fruit-veg/prepared-fruit-veg categories=salads-coleslaw
countdown.co.nz/shop/browse/fruit-veg/fresh-vegetables